Document plugin filesystems (#5841)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/developer/plugins.md

Refer to the source code of Nextflow's built-in executors to see how to implement the various components of an executor. You might be able to implement most of your executor by simply reusing existing code.
:::

### Filesystems

> Plugins can define custom filesystems, which are used by Nextflow to interact with external storage systems through a single interface (see {ref}`remote-files`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins can define custom filesystems that can be used by Nextflow to interact with external storage systems through a single interface. For more information about accessing remote files, see {ref}`remote-files`.
```

To implement a custom filesystem, create a class in your plugin that extends [`FileSystemProvider`](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/docs/api/java.base/java/nio/file/spi/FileSystemProvider.html). Implement the `getScheme()` method to define the URI scheme for your filesystem:

```groovy
import java.nio.file.spi.FileSystemProvider

class MyFileSystemProvider extends FileSystemProvider {

    @Override
    String getScheme() {
        return 'myfs'
    }

    // ...
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: I'd just mention Nextflow relies in on Java NIO 2 API and link some example e.g. http file system. The implementation is out of the scope of Nextflow documentation. 

The above example it's far from being useful.

Author: The example is meant to show the connection between defining the URI scheme in the implementation and then using it in Nextflow. Similar to the Executor example above

Reviewer 2: Fair enough, then this link can provide more context https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/io/fsp/filesystemprovider.html

You can then use this filesystem in your pipeline:

```nextflow
input = file('myfs://path/to/input/file.txt')
```

> Refer to the `nf-https` module (`XFileSystemProvider`) or `nf-amazon` plugin (`S3FileSystemProvider`) in the Nextflow source code for examples of custom filesystems.

Author: ```suggestion
See [this guide](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/io/fsp/filesystemprovider.html) for more details. Refer to the `nf-https` module (`XFileSystemProvider`) or `nf-amazon` plugin (`S3FileSystemProvider`) in the Nextflow source code for examples of custom filesystems.
```

> See [this guide](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/io/fsp/filesystemprovider.html) for more details. Refer to the `nf-https` module (`XFileSystemProvider`) or `nf-amazon` plugin (`S3FileSystemProvider`) in the Nextflow source code for examples of custom filesystems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Developing a Custom File System Provider](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/io/fsp/filesystemprovider.html) for more information. Refer to the `nf-https` module (`XFileSystemProvider`) or `nf-amazon` plugin (`S3FileSystemProvider`) in the Nextflow source code for examples of custom filesystems.
```
